fix(fs): match default value of `create` option with js documentation (#865)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/fix-fs-write-default-option.md

---
"fs": "patch"
"fs-js": "patch"
---

> Fix `create` option inconsistency for `writeFile` and `writeTextFile` in guest-js and rust side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix incorrect `create` option default value for `writeFile` and `writeTextFile` which didn't match documentation.
```
